Welcome to
the "Little Big Shots"
"Where in the World" Quiz.
Our first contestant is Nathan.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Nathan is
from Westminster, California,
is 4 years old,
and likes maps.
Hi, everybody.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Playing against Nathan
is Mr. Steve Harvey.
Mr. Harvey is a lot more
than 4 years old
and likes cigars.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Contestants, please take
your positions.
[ Laughter ]
[ Cheers and applause ]
High five. Give me some.
Way to go, baby. Let's go.
Round 1 of
the Where in the World Quiz.
Nathan, we start with you.
Can you please identify
where in the world this is?
[ Beep ]
-Spain.
-That is correct.
[ Bell dings ]
[ Cheers and applause ]
Mr. Harvey,
this is your question.
Where in the world is this?
[ Beep ]
[ Laughter ]
[ Buzzer ]
United States of America.
[ Laughter ]
[ Bell dings ]
That is correct.
Man: Yeah!
[ Cheers and applause ]
1 to 1.
So Round 2 is a quick
fire round, and this time,
the questions are harder.
Fingers on buzzers.
Look, Nathan. Nathan.
It's who hits it first.
It's -- you gotta be quick.
Okay, you'll see. Come on.
Which country is this?
[ Beep ]
[ Buzzer ]
Kazakhstan.
[ Bell dings ]
That is correct.
This is, like, so beneath him.
Go ahead. I'm gonna nail one.
Which country is this?
[ Beep, buzzer ]
Italy.
Shaped like a boot. Italy.
[ Laughter ]
[ Buzzer ]
That is incorrect.
I got news for you,
that ain't how you spell Italy.
That is Uzbekistan.
[ Cheers and applause,
buzzer ]
Nathan, you are the most
unconcerned
game show participant.
I am boring this boy to death.
Did he just turn his back
on me?
Is he -- Is he just through
with my level of stupidity?
Did he just go...
I'm not dealing with
the ignorant adult anymore.
Let's go.
Nathan. Nathan.
Now we come to
the final round, Round 3...
[ Bell dings ]
...which is all
about continents.
And we start with Africa.
I know somethin' about that.
[ Laughter ]
Yeah, I'm finna get you --
African-American. What? Yeah.
[ Laughter ]
It's Nathan's question.
Oh, okay.
Nathan, please name as many
countries as you can
in Africa in a minute.
Egypt, Libya, Tunisia, Algeria,
Morocco, Western Sahara,
Mauritania, Senegal, Gambia,
Guinea-Bissau, Guinea,
Sierra Leone, Liberia,
Cote D'Ivoire, Ghana,
Togo, Benin, Burkina Faso,
Mali, Niger, Nigeria, Cameroon,
Chad, Central African Republic,
North Sudan, South Sudan,
Ethiopia, Eritrea, Djibouti,
Somalia, Kenya, Uganda,
Rwanda, Burundi,
Democratic Republic
of the Congo,
Republic of Congo, Gabon,
Equatorial Guinea,
Sao Tome & Principe...
-South Africa.
-Angola, Zambia, Malawi,
Tanzania, Mozambique,
Zimbabwe, Botswana,
Namibia, South Africa,
Lesotho, Swaziland,
Madagascar, Comoros,
Mauritius, Seychelles.
[ Bell dings ]
That is correct!
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪♪♪
Ladies and gentlemen,
Nathan the Great.